build: upgrade EDR to v0.11.1 (#6845)
NomicFoundation/hardhat: .changeset/chubby-flies-shine.md

---
"hardhat": patch
---

> Upgraded EDR to [v0.11.1](https://github.com/NomicFoundation/edr/releases/tag/%40nomicfoundation%2Fedr%400.11.1):
> 
> - Fixed bug where native token sent to test account does not increase recipient balance.

Reviewer: This is surprising: apparently changesets doesn't work with `- `, as it uses them to create a changelog.

Also, should we explain the bug a little? What about this?

```suggestion
Upgraded EDR to [v0.11.1](https://github.com/NomicFoundation/edr/releases/tag/%40nomicfoundation%2Fedr%400.11.1), which fixed a bug when sending ETH to the testing accounts in forked networks. Now testing accounts are automatically undelegated.
```
